# Private list of Capstone projects at QUT

| Email       | Given Name  | Family Name     | Company    | Yr & Sems  | Meeting Time  | Outcome    | Co-supervisors | Abstract |
| :---        | :---        | :---            | :---       | :---       | :---          | :---       | :---           | :---     |    
| harrison.mcveigh@connect.qut.edu.au | Harrison | McVeigh | Reality Fishing Charters | 2021 1&2 | ad-hoc | Pass| - | [EER-Crane](#EER-Crane) |
|    |         |          || | | | | | |
| | | | | | | | | | |

## List of Project Abstracts
### EER-Crane
Cranes have been an essential building block in our technological age that have been used to build structures and transport materials around the world. In the marine industry cranes play a large role for large container ships that require cranes to load and unload billions of dollars’ worth of minerals, materials and market goods every year. However, cranes are also used in the marine industry for smaller scale operations such as loading and unloading auxiliary vessels. With the current technological trends these types of small-scale crane operations are becoming more affordable with companies introducing more technology and automation than ever before. This project proposal will analyse the implementation of such technologies towards a real-world problem presented by an industry partner. In particular the project will focus on the challenges faced in these small-scale operations and what engineering literature is available to better understand the problem but also the potential solution. After close contact with the industry partner a set of essential and non-essential requirements will be discussed that will govern the projects milestones and deliverables. A communications plan is then outlined that is used to structure the Industry partner’s and QUT Supervisor’s relations that are used as information and feedback channels. Overall, the proposed project aims to be an affordable and professional solution for the industry partner that will be able to complete the first phase of systems integration towards a fully automated solution into the future.

### EER-AbstractRC
Project Description: DeepMind has hypothesised that one of the barriers to Artificial General Intelligence is the lack of the ability to abstract concepts in AI systems. For example, a robot could learn to move a 'red block behind a blue sphere' but would struggle to then "move a blue block in front of a red sphere" as its AI has no abstract concepts of ‘behind’/’in front’ or that objects have properties independent of their colour. Recently, the Abstraction Reasoning Corpus has been introduced by Chollet (cf their work on Kaggle and Keras) to provide a benchmark to accelerate such learning (cf ImageNet for computer vision). This project will build on the notion of sensor-action movement to build up abstractions from the environment (cf Cognits by J. Fuster). The first task is to create a physical abstraction reasoning corpus that a manipulator robots can explore to learn about abstract concepts. Reinforcement learning will be used to learn about relationships and properties of the environment and how these change as objects are manipulated, such that higher order patterns can be identified.
